[Music]
I didn't want to leave my home we were
comfortable we had power food and
water all my BBC colleagues had already
fled South they told me how bad the
situation was no electricity no water I
didn't want to go I wanted to delay the
suffering my family would have to face
for as long as
[Applause]
possible but the house is opposite our
home were being bombed one after
another I knew our t would come next I
had already lost one son I couldn't risk
losing
[Music]
another what did my son do to die like
this what was his
mistake in the rush to go we did didn't
even close our front door then we
started our journey through
[Music]
hell there were Israeli soldiers
stationed in demolish buildings along
the road we didn't want to use our
phones to film as we were worried about
being
targeted we walked for hours and you
eventually would have to cross the
Israeli Army's
checkpoint we were nervous my children
kept asking what will the soldiers do to
us we came to a stop about a kilometer
from the checkpoint itself self joining
a long queue of people that stretched
across the entire width of the
road we spent more than 4 hours
waiting sometimes only taking one step
forward in half an
hour people were crying and there was no
room to sit
down my father fainted and we had to
hold him
up when we entered the checkpoint it
felt like Judgment Day I saw about 50
people people in total get detained all
men they were asked to strip to their
underwear and sit on the
[Music]
ground
a few meters beyond the checkpoint I saw
four detainees in their underwear being
blindfolded beside a demolished building
there was a wall of sand the Blindfolded
men were taken to the Sand Hill by
soldiers and then took steps down out of
my vision then we heard gunfire I'm not
sure whether they were shot or not
further along the road I saw corpses and
rting body parts I saw about 10 buddies
on the ground they were covered in flies
and being eaten by birds giving off one
of the foulest smells I have ever
experienced I screamed at the top of my
lungs telling my children not to look I
told them to look at the sky and
continue
walking then an Israeli tank appeared it
was moving towards us at speed in our
fright to get away we had to trample
over those
bodies
[Music]
the weather was freezing it was the
coldest night I've ever experienced in
my life I had to take off my shirt to
cover my youngest boy
Jad the next morning we set off early
for kanun taking a donkey cart ride for
some of the
journey at D we got on a bus with a
capacity for 20 there wasn't enough room
for us so some of us clung to the doors
and
windows
[Music]
I knew that the ground operation would
move towards
hunas I knew that be nowhere
safe in Rafa we are renting a small ouse
the roof is made of tin and plastic bags
if sharp nail Falls there is nothing to
protect us we have to wait in a 3-hour
queue for drinking water so this is what
we do now we have hardly anything to eat
and nowhere to go all I want to do now
is leave Gazza and be safe with my
[Music]
children